gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c 0driver.for

gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c cdrv.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c cfode.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c cntnzu.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c ewset.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c intdy.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c iprep.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c jgroup.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c lsodes.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c md.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c mdi.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c mdm.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c mdp.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c mdu.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c nnfc.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c nnsc.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c nntc.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c nroc.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c nsfc.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c odrv.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c prep.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c prjs.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c slss.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c sro.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c stode.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c vnorm.for
gfortran -ffixed-line-length-none -w -c xerrwv.for

gfortran -o lsodes.exe *.o